From a LinkedIn post.

A couple years ago my company was just valued at $500M dollars…but I was totally burnt out and near my lowest point.

The tool that completely changed my life and how it can help yours:

The Energy Audit

Throughout your day you are doing things that are either:

1. Giving you energy
2. Draining your energy
3. Neutral

Burnout happens when you are doing more energy-draining v. energy-giving things in any given day.

To solve it, you need to first to do an audit of how you spend your time. Here’s how:

1. Look at your calendar from last week and label every single meeting or task one of 3 colors: green if it gave you energy, red if it drained you, and yellow for neutral.
2. For each day, start at 0 and then add 1 point for each green, subtract 1 for reach red, and for each yellow you don’t do anything.
3. See how many days you are ending in the negative v. positive.

If you're burnt out like I was, I'm willing to bet you're ending the majority of your days below zero.

Let's fix that! Here's how:

1. Identify trends.

I really got drained from most internal meetings, especially operational or HR ones. I also was drained by dealing with certain people (we've all been there).

Contrarily, I got tons of energy talking to customers, recruiting candidates, or jamming on product and strategy with my team.

Figure out for yourself what your red and greens are so you can start to design your day accordingly!

1. Reduce the red and increase the green.

Obviously you can't get rid of all the things that drain you (what a world that would be!). However, you can totally be intentional about delegating or reducing the number of red things you do in any given week.

Pro Tip: If you have a day that's -5 and other days that are +4, you can spread the red around so it's a bit more distributed.

1. Create GRG (green-red-green) sandwiches.

One of my favorite hacks is if I know I'm doing something draining, I will intentionally sandwich that meeting with a green one before it and after it.

This ensures you're going into the meeting with an energy surplus and you immediately refill yourself afterwards!

Takeaway: Make it a goal to end everyday at least +1. If you do, you'll be making a huge leap towards being fulfilled and energized every day.

If you found this helpful, hit the Follow button on the top right and please share this with others you might too!



“Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence win championships.” – Michael Jordan

“Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success.” – Henry Ford
